The first thing that I worked on was user authentication in general. I set up the project to include Django's auth support and implemented the Django login form code on our existing login page. Then it came time to think about user specific data. Unfortunately, I misunderstood what Django user objects were capable of out of the box so I ended up extending it with a one-to-one relationship on Profiles, a new model that houses courses users have taken in the past and courses they are going to take in the future. At the moment, courses_past does nothing because the tree view showing people past courses is still a stretch goal. profile.sessions_current is used in quite a few places however, as this is where the courses users are looking to take are stored. I tested this model by hooking it up to the user profile page a tiny bit. Modifying init.py was necessary to give users profiles and doing some super weird signals stuff was needed to assure all users would get profiles on creation.

The next big component I worked on was comments. I wanted users to have the ability to post comments to each course page to give other students tips about the course. This was overly difficult because it was my first time working with Django forms. It was made especially difficult because this page is generic, so adding a form to it was a special procedure. In the end, I set it up so 1337bird could add dooting. (2-3 more forms!)

Next came implementing the main functionality of the application - adding sessions the user wants to take to their calendar. This proved to be easier than I expected because I already had experience doing the comment forms. I exploited a key-value pair of the POST request to check which form was pressed. 
