I contributed to several aspects of the project. Specifically, I spearheaded typing up a finalized version of our relational database model. This included making changes (to ensure proper structure and data flow) by adding a new model (the subject model to specify which department a class belonged to) and making significant changes to the user profile model. Because we want to encourage users to write 100% honest and accurate reviews, I suggested that we shift to a model of anonymity. This meant that we would no longer have user personalization features like a featured quote or profile picture, but place more emphasis on creating personalized recommendations for users and keeping track of past classes / reviews.

In addition, I designed the base template for our html files. The base template included the common material-design inspired bootstrap framework for a consistent design experience across the website. I also included sections to link unique CSS pages and unique Bootstrap frameworks that are specific to a given HTML page. Initially I was running into errors when I tried to implement my write review HTML page as a template, but I worked with Nathan Blue and we eventually realized that the CSS files needed to be in their own static folder to be properly linked.

Lastly, I transferred the write review and login pages from their base HTML to a template page and defined the associated url mappings and view functions for these pages. For the login page this was fairly simply (it only required extending the base template and wrapping different sections of the code in tags to conform to the template). I then created a path in urls.py and created a views function to render the login page. Translating the write review page to a template proved more difficult because this involved working with dynamic content and pulling from our randomly generated database. Specifically, I had difficulty figuring out how to link from a class page to a review and pull the specific information from that class. After reading through the Django documentation and Mozilla tutorials from class, I decided to use the “<int:id>” as part of the url mapping to capture an integer parameter and send it as a parameter to the views function definition for writing a review. After this step, I was able to extract specific content which would be rendered in the template html.