# ﻿﻿﻿Overview:HiveList is a collaborative playlist builder. The application allows several users to collectively build a playlist by voting on which songs they believe should be added. The users can also the playlist’s settings. Finally, the website also implements features which allow users to explore popular songs/playlists, keep track of recently played playlist, and the ability to change one's profile information. There were no major changes in the base idea from project proposal.# Team Members: Caleb Carr, Collin Giguere, Emily Earl, Jay Trask, Olivia Higgins, Omar Sanchez# Video Link:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rNSnfXl1ZjU# Design Overview:Our data model includes a playlist, contributors, song (including a song instance), artist, and genre. The playlists use the data given by the contributors and the songs that are generated by init.py. The songs contain an artist and genre which are displayed in conjunction with the song.The URL routes include the navigation bar, and from My List to current playlist and playlist settings. The navigation bar appears after the user has signed or logged in. The bar includes the title of the pages that links to the page's html, and the logo and website name will route the user to the home page. On my List page, there are URL routes to current playlist, which routes to playlist settings. Each URL mapping is defined in the urls.py file.The view.py file takes in the mock data generated and puts it together on each page. Every page on the website have been populate with mock data. Home has data for it Top 10 playlist and public playlists, Explore has data for popular playlist and songs, My Lists generates data for In progress Playlist and Finished Playlists, current playlist (it will named after the playlist's name) includes every song in the playlist, general setting has data for the playlist's descriptions, and finally profile has data for user's song contribution.# Problems/Successes:## Problems:When we began coding up the project, we ran into quite a few implementation problems. The main implementation problem was our original design of how the different data models would interact with each other. Our original design for how the different data models would interact with each other ended up being drastically different from our end design. This change was the result of many revision to our original idea, and painstakingly changing the code accordingly (shout out to Caleb here). It was difficult to coordinate the many different aspects of the website. However, what resulted was a well-designed UI. ## Successes:Our team was able to collaborate productively on project 2. We used trello, web-based project management application, to help organize and assign tasks. We also strived to meet most Sunday afternoons to collaborate in person. Finally, we divided tasks among depending on where our individual talents lie, which greatly helped the development of the website. Although we had to go through countless revisions, we were successful in populating our databases with mock data and linked URL routes in our navigation bar and throughout our website. Although there was a learning curve on using ORM tools, we were able functional website that uses [mock] data that has easy navigational access.## What we can improve:Moving forward, we discussed meeting earlier and more frequently to keep track of each member's progress. Especially as the website development becomes increasingly difficult, we work together more. To further develop and evolve our website, we need to work more on user authentication and authorization on our log in page. We would investigate further into how we could use Spotify's API to provide playlist data.